#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.txt
#
asgiref==3.2.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
django==3.1.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-classy-tags
    #   django-entangled
    #   django-filer
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-polymorphic
    #   django-sekizai
    #   django-select2
    #   django-treebeard
    #   djangocms-frontend
    #   easy-thumbnails
django-appconf==1.0.5
    # via django-select2
django-classy-tags==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-sekizai
django-cms @ https://github.com/django-cms/django-cms/archive/refs/tags/3.9.0.zip
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   djangocms-attributes-field
    #   djangocms-frontend
    #   djangocms-icon
django-entangled==0.4
    # via djangocms-frontend
django-filer==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   djangocms-frontend
django-formtools==2.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-js-asset==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-mptt
django-mptt==0.13.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-filer
django-polymorphic==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-filer
django-sekizai==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-select2==7.10.0
    # via djangocms-frontend
django-treebeard==4.5.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
djangocms-admin-style==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
djangocms-attributes-field==2.0.0
    # via
    #   djangocms-frontend
    #   djangocms-icon
djangocms-frontend @ https://github.com/fsbraun/djangocms-frontend/archive/master.zip
    # via -r requirements.txt
djangocms-icon==2.0.0
    # via djangocms-frontend
djangocms-text-ckeditor @ https://github.com/django-cms/djangocms-text-ckeditor/archive/refs/tags/4.0.0.zip
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   djangocms-frontend
easy-thumbnails==2.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-filer
html5lib==1.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
pillow==8.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   easy-thumbnails
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   html5lib
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
unidecode==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-filer
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   html5lib
